practice like your presenting to a company
focusing on water infrastructure 

Briefly explain the kotter step 

Importance of the kotter step
-  car on the side of road example

Main points: 
- Consolidating gains 
	use of KPIs 
	employee feedback
- removing what isnt working
	kaizen methodologies 
- keep it fresh, produce more ideas, external sources 
	see slide 24 on tetratechs smart water future 
	ask kaylie about it 
- goal setting 
	(some of tetratechs specific goals below) 
	Promote & incubate 
	Pursue M&A (mergers and acquisitions) 
	Develop stategic Partnerships and alliances
- challenges 
- how to ensure success


So for our 7th step, we want to make sure that the momentum we have created from our first 
6 steps continue and can be further improved. 
One way is by first employing the mindset of continuous improvement. Since our tech change goal 
is to implement IoT technologies into our water plant customers, we first need to ensure there 
is a focus on continuous improvement of those IoT devices. The continuous improvement of these 
sensors can be measured through key performance indicators such as ensuring the water quality 
matches the true water quality of the water plant, or that the time at which the IoT sensor 
detects and sends a report to our cloud server, is in fact the true time. Using KPI's will 
also be very beneficial to allowing for continous improvement since it can also be used with 
reviewing how a system is running over time. 
We will need to hold weekly meetings with employees to ensure that the addition of IoT is functioning and 
working properly, which these improvements can be based on KPIs and employee feedback. 
Meetings will also allow for employees who may not understand how IoT is beneficial to TetraTech 
to learn where the benefits are being used. 
These meetings can also allow for see where the IoT tech change is not benefitting TetraTech. 

Another approach for this step that tetratech plans on using is to remove any processes that are 
not showing improvement with using IoT and providing quality results to tetratechs customers. 
Still within our continuous improvement methods, we also plan to utilize kaizen methodologies, 
which at its core focuses on continuous improvement, and aims to reduce waste whether that be physical
processes or time management waste. This could be identifying a flaw with using Amazon web services 
as a cloud based storage system over Azure cloud based systems. 

our second approach to this step is finding ways to continue the tech change and allow for more change
to happen. This can be through the 

ketos = company that specializes in iot water treatment facilities and integration of tech 
dewy software = data aquisition system



